hi welcome back to educate to calm my
name is kia host today I'll be showing
you how to make a very delicious quick
noodle soup it is one of my secret for
guys and gals who have no time to cook
but love to eat so what you really need
is of course you don't
noodle okay but Japanese udon noodle Oh
Korean unique an egg 1 egg 2 depending
on how much you want and your soup you
need a soup stock beef or chicken flavor
whatever flavor you like okay it's a
powdery form let's add flavor to the
soup and of course you need three
dried seaweed okay this one is a Korean
seaweed with that and a pot of water so
we're gonna heat up the water first I'll
take about you know five minutes ten
minutes and what we're gonna do is we
are going to add the stock soup soup
stock into about a teaspoon or a half a
tablespoon and depending how strong
flavor do you want
okay I'm gonna just probably add a
teaspoon of that in there and then what
you want to do is add the dried seaweed
right about a handful fresh seaweed and
then add the egg okay and then the last
step of course to add the need of noodle
you want to keep the noodle in there for
only maybe maximum three minutes okay
you don't want to keep it too long or
else then it'll be very I guess soft and
you don't want that you want it as firm
and hard as possible so about two or
three minutes of heating after when it's
boiled it's good okay let's get started
I'll show you how to do it okay the
first step is to turn up the heat to
high and leave there for about five
minutes okay and then what we're going
to add
is this soup stocks about a table I mean
about a teaspoon worth okay
well the water is heating up I'm going
to add the soup stock powder look
something like this I show you there we
go okay so add about a teaspoon that's
it and then we stir it when you start to
boil the soup stock powder will dissolve
quickly next step is take the dry seed
then pick a point like a handful depend
how much you want to eat but I take
about two handfuls so there's one just
stump in there
I love see me taste really good
now if you have onion you might want to
add that as well right onion add more
flavor no sweets like for some reason I
don't have have onion in my fridge so I
can't add in but I would advise to add
onion in there cut into 1/4 so you have
a 1 onion and you cut into 4 and just
dump it in there okay I'm gonna wait
till it's pulling up close it boil as
you can see the boiling steaming up you
only took less than five minutes to do
that now I'm going to crack an egg and
just put it in there wait for about 3 to
5 minutes so in about 10 minutes you get
a nice soup and then just add you don't
once you think that the egg which is
about 3 to 5 minutes is boiled and I'm
gonna add the UM read-only moodle's okay
what I'm going to do is going to turn
down the heat to medium
okay so ray put in the Moodle Moodle
this me ocean costs more than a buck
right but it's really filling it is much
better than the instant noodle because
you get all the most of the natural
material like the seaweed and the egg
okay and of course if you're going you
go as well it tastes more refreshing I
know I don't like to use the word
refreshing only the drinks but for this
type of noodle soup it is refreshing
okay just leave the udon noodle there
for about a minute okay there it is a
weight of a minute and it's ready so you
can see in less than 10 min yet very
delicious noodle soup very healthy you
can see you see you eat in there you see
eggs right like I said you might want to
add onions and if you like tofu
add tofu in that as well and you get a
really really healthy type of Asian
noodle soup
okay very quick for those who are lazy
to cook but love healthy food quick and
healthy food there we go okay I can
guarantee you when you eat this soup you
feel refreshed like I said normally I
don't use the word refresh unless it's a
drink but for these type of noodle soup
it is very refreshing okay and for me I
love hot sauce so after I poured this
out I'm gonna put some hot sauce in
there and yeah that add even more flavor
to the noodle soup okay now you don't
have to use sudo noodle you can use Mian
which is a Chinese style noodle you got
between the Vietnamese noodle or virgin
vermicelli noodle okay it's a once you
boil it it becomes translucent
or this one as well so different type of
noodles you can even try spaghetti
noodle in there but I really don't
recommend it but you know you can try it
if you're desperate for you know four
ingredients and you don't have any other
choice but again like I said all these
noodles can be used okay and including
the spaghetti noodles it I guess if you
want to use it okay but let's give it a
try let's try it out and see how it
tastes
okay so it's ready to pour in to my
large bowl oh yeah look at that look at
the matter what series in there I love
see oh yeah
now it doesn't look as pleasant how's it
as a taste so it tastes much better than
what it looks like I can tell you that
okay so there it is I'm just gonna mix
it a little bit make it look more
pleasant for you guys do you have a look
it's a huge amount of noodle soup let's
just beep defeat two people but if
you're hungry like me they can feed me
yeah okay there it is it's done perfect
meal for lunch or dinner
unless you wanted for breakfast as well
okay take less in ten minutes to do just
get your ingredient like an egg
seaweed noodle noodle any or any type of
Chinese Vietnamese noodles or even a
spaghetti noodle if you like you need
the soup stock and maybe optional you
can add onion and tofu in there but on
that it's done okay
let's enjoy the meal thank you God for
the food amen
let's eat now
I like to try the seaweed first mmm it's
so delicious mmm
now if you're not a seaweed fan you
might want to add other things but I am
a scenic man an onion fan so I like to
put onion and seaweed in my soup
I love to see me it's pretty good so so
for more videos on cooking and other
cool stuff check us out at the k2 calm
or the channel the YouTube channel all
right see you soon